# The Software Devils
## Sprint 4 Planning
### 2:00PM-3:10PM @ Zoom University

### Members:
- [ X] Ryan
- [  ] Zach 
- [ X] Joanne
- [ X] Amjad
- [ X] Terry
- [ X] Em
- [ X] Jonny
- [ X] Brooks
- [ X] Adithya
- [ X] Jim

### Agenda:
- Old Business
  - Changing of 2 members to be dual front/backend
- New Business
  - Checkups
  - Talk about FINAL sprint ideas
  - Who's going to do video
  - Which features will be implemented in what order
- Future Business
  - Just checkups
  
### Discussion Notes:
Need\
â€”------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Amjad:\
Leadership, making sure everything is togther, cleaning the repo, working with backend on Spoonacular

Brooks:\
Making final touches on the backend connecting pieces

Em:\
Getting outsider feedback and doing final polishing of view/edit/add recipe pages according to feedback of non-classmates

Jonny:\
Continuing backend work for the view edit page as needed

Ryan:\
Fixing up the backend to make tags work and any other help for backend

Jim:\ 
Debugging the unit testing pipeline

Joanne:\
Making sure UI of register+ login page is good and reinstating my UI changes (someone pushed new code using the old CSS and it has created conflicts)

Terry:\
Leading Jim and Adithya on unit testing so that our testing pipeline can be done

Adithya:
Resolving the unit testing pipeline



### Final Discussion:

- Final Video: Joanne + Amjad
- Job: each person shows ui to family member and asks for honest opinions
- Just unit testing left for pipeline
- Saturday final presentation
- Timer is the first additional feature to be added


